Cold Counting Comfort|15th of Hammer|A day that all businesses are closed for their yearly accounting. Anyone at inns or boarding houses are asked to have food and other items they need for the day in their rooms. At dusk all business owners are hosted at the Temple for a buffet feast.
Midwinter|varies|This is a day of planning for the rest of the year. Most businesses are open but run by apprentices this day. In the evening, all is quiet in the city. It is a day for quiet reflection on the previous year.
Great Weave|20th of Alturiak|This is a day when all weavers in the city show off the tapestries they have woven in the previous year. They are displayed in the Arena for the entire day. The best tapestry of the year will be awarded a prize in gold. Businesses are closed after noon on this day so that all may be able to look at the tapestries. The Bazaar area is reserved for clothiers this day.
Highcoin|30th of Ches|On this day all businesses close after noon or are run by assistants, so that business owners and their families can attend a great feast held in the Arena. They are seated by how well they did the previous year. This is the time where all business owners tithe to the Temple. These tithes will be used for the next holiday.
Spheres|10th of Taraskh|On this day all businesses are closed. The Bazaar and Market are also closed. The Bazaar, Market, and the streets of the city are lined with people who await the throwing of the spheres. The spheres are glass globes that have gold or gems in them. This is a day of fun and revelry. The spheres are thrown from wagons by priests of the temple that drive by the people. This is the one day where all signs of greed are taken with good grace. The soldiers are known to get into the act by throwing the spheres from atop the walls of the city. The Healers's Guild is very busy that night from cuts and scrapes.
Greengrass|varies|This is the day when the people of Olakeen usually open the earth for their fields and gardens. Also, this day is a day of the antics of the fairy folk, mostly because the Olaras invited them.  It is a day of practical jokes taken in good humor. Most businesses close in the afternoon so that everyone can join in the revelry.
Sammardach|12th of Mirtul|On this day businesses close at noon and all are invited to the temple. The Temple names those that have died the previous year and have donated all of their possessions to the church of Waukeen. Other temples throughout the city are invited to have those listed that have done the same in the names of their temples.
Brightbuckle|21st of Kythorn|On this day all businesses are closed. A massive, gaudy parade is held that winds itself around the city showing off the wealth of the city. The Market and Bazaar are filled with mages who are hired to create illusions of recent works of The Lady Waukeen in hopes to gain more followers and priests.
Sornyn|3rd through 5th of Flamerule|These are the days of treaties, business agreements, and the like. These days are also filled with festivities for the masses. Businesses are usually open only half days to allow all to participate in the fun. The Ladies will hear all offers for contracts and make new contracts for the city during these days. (The Ladies do make contracts during the rest of the year, but only by appointment, never this open to anyone who wants their attention.)
Midsummer|varies|This is a day of romance and many weddings happen on this day. The temples usually have long lines towards the evening. Families get together and form alliances. Many families go out on picnics. On this day all unwed women can participate in a hide and seek game with the unwed men chasing them in the outlying area of the city.
Shieldmeet|This holiday happens once every four years.|On Midsummer's day of these years, everyone's name is put into a lottery by residential district and two from the farmers' district. On Shieldmeet, the Ladies Olara pick twelve names, one from each district, and those lucky people and their families are invited to a private dinner with one of them. They are picked up by carriages and brought to where they will dine. Six go to the temple and the other six go to the school depending on where the person lives. The people's whose name was chosen receive a beneficial magic item for their home as a gift from the Ladies. The ladies also listen to these normal folk and ask about their concerns.
Huldark|17th of Elesias|On this day the Market/Bazaar is reserved for a great farmers' market. All the farmers of the region are invited to the temple for a grand feast in the evening.
Spryndalstar|7th of Eleint|On this day the Market/Bazaar is reserved for those who sell enchanted items of all sorts. In the afternoon there is a great show put on by the mages of the School to show how magic has enriched the lives of all. All mages in the city are invited to the temple for a quiet feast.
Highharvest|varies|This day is one of plenty. This is a day when families get together for feasts.
Marthoon|1st of Marpenoth|On this day all are invited to the Arena to witness tests of arms within the Olakeen military and any visiting warriors that wish to participate. At the end of the day, Alexana and Eileen will sponsor a single soldier into retirement. That soldier will be given ten times his or her weight in gold. Most of the warriors in the Arena will be tossed coins from the audience, and any money found in the bleachers that day will be divided up between the warriors. All warriors are invited to a feast afterwards in the temple complex.
Tehennteahan|10th of Uktar|On this day the Arena is set aside as a show place for the newest inventions of the past year. The Market/Bazaar is closed in the afternoon. Alexana and Eileen walk the tables and will buy those inventions that are worthy, and they pay a room full of gold for each invention purchased. All inventors are invited to a feast in the temple, and the rest of the folk are feasted outside in the Market/Bazaar.
The Feast of the Moon|varies|This day is a day of great feasting when family members who have died are honored.
Orbar|25th of Nightal|Businesses are closed this day. This day is one for solemn reflection of the underside of wealth. This day is when those that have fallen prey to wealth in some form or another are remembered. There is a simple supper, called a Candle Feast, held in the temple complex for those families who lost loved ones due to the acquisition of wealth, and during that dinner all that have died in the past year in the acquisition of wealth are named.
