The Sword and Dagger|This is one of the roughest inns in Olakeen. It is the scene of many brawls. The local police are there often breaking up fights. There isn't a single piece of unmended furniture in the whole place. Local superstition is that if a person finds a chair in this inn that does not wobble they are blessed by Waukeen. Because of the brawls and general state of the place, a night here only costs 5sp, and that includes breakfast./The innkeeper is a tough former adventurer. He keeps many swords hidden behind his bar.
The Coin|This is a comfortable establishment. The place is kept clean and free of the local troublemakers. There is a slight religious undertone here. The innkeeper is a former cleric is Waukeen who served Tymora when Waukeen disappeared. He had a crisis of the faith and left holy orders all together. It is rumored that those who fail to pay here are cursed with bad luck. The innkeeper is known to wield a mean flail upon occasion to break up fights, which he is very impartial about./The cost of staying here is 1gp a day.
The Harp and Key|This is the place for a paranoid to stay. It is a very secure establishment. The rooms all have two locks on them, and there is someone checking the halls during all times of the day. There is a secure vault here for the valuables of the guests./The innkeeper is a bard who entertains his guests while they eat their dinners./The cost to stay here is 3gp a day.
The Wand and Scroll|This is the best place for the wizard or cleric to stay. The inn is very quiet since the help staff are Unseen Servants. It can be eerie here for people who haven't had a lot of magic in their life./The innkeeper is a mage who is said to use spells on disruptive guests./The cost to stay here is 5gp a day.
Waukeen's Rest|This is the most expensive inn in all of Olakeen and the only inn that is in the Market itself. This inn is one of a few permanent structures in the Market. Each guest is assigned a manservant or maid. These people will help in everything from unpacking to carrying purchases from the Market back to his or her room. Each room is a suite with a bath, and warm water piped to each room for the purpose. Dinners can either be eat in the rooms or in the common room. When in the common room, the manservant or maid will order what you want beforehand so that you don't have to wait when you get down there. The guest will have the same manservant or maid for their entire stay./The cost to stay here is 100gp a day.
