Arctic tralgs were created evil. Their arms come down to their knees which they let hang limp until they attack. Their legs end in great three-toed feet with two vestigial toes. Their skin is a semi-transparent grayish-white. Their bodies are covered in a short fur. Their sunken eyes area dull blue, and their hair is dirty yellow. They walk upright but hunch over when running. They live in artic lakes and rivers. They carry most of their possessions with them. They only leave the heavier of their possessions in their lair.\Their language is a hybrid of "trollspeak" and frost giant. There is a 25% chance one can speak "trollspeak" or frost giant, a 5% chance one can speak one of the dialects of the other two tralg races, and a 1% chance one can speak the common tongue of giants or common.
These tralgs pummel their prey with rocks then attack with their claws. They can engage multiple opponents when in melee. If they happen to have a weapon, it is usually a battle axe and does +8 to damage. Tralgs regenerate slowly. Starting at five rounds after the first wound, they regenerate 1 point of damage per round, but only when in water. Their limbs die after five rounds unless they are reattached. Limbs can be severed with a slashing weapon on a roll of a natural 20, but only if the natural 20 is 5 above the tralg's armor class. They do not wear armor.\They take only half the damage from cold based spells, but they take double damage from fire based spells. Acid and fire are the only spells that keep them from regenerating.
They prefer to live in lakes that are near to other communities, which they raid for food. They will snare the unwary and keep them for later. They live in small tribes with a chieftan. The chieftan has the best weapons and food and might wear armor. Since they see everything as food, they keep very few other creatures around for any other function. The only creatures they purposefully avoid are ice and snow tolls, frost giants, and twargs. They will not impinge on their territories unless they are extremely hungry, and even then they will not attack them just their stores.
Read A<The Creation of Monsters|href="The_Creation_of_Monsters.pl">.
