! Appearance
Desert tralgs were created evil. Their arms come down to their knees which they let hang limp until they attack. Their legs end in great three-toed feet with two vestigial toes. Their rubbery skin is the color of sand and is very wrinkled. Their eyes are a surprisingly beautiful blue. They have a mass of black hair which is unkempt. They walk upright but hunch over when running.They carry most of their possessions with them. They only leave the heavier of their possessions in their lair.\Their language is a hybrid of "trollspeak" and desert giant. There is a 50% chance one can speak "trollspeak" or desert giant, a 10% chance one can speak one of the dialects of the other two tralg races, and a 5% chance one can speak the common tongue of giants or common.
! Combat
These tralgs hide in the sand and rise up to pummel their prey with spears, doing +8 points additional damage, then they attack with their claws. They can engage multiple opponents when in melee. Tralgs regenerate slowly. Starting at five rounds after the first wound, they regenerate 1 point of damage per round. Their limbs die after five rounds unless they are reattached. Limbs can be severed with a slashing weapon on a roll of a natural 20, but only if the natural 20 is 5 above the tralg's armor class. They do not wear armor.\They are immune to heat and cold. They take half damage from normal fire, they take normal damage from magical fire, and double damage from water based attacks. Acid, magical fire, and normal water are the only ways to keep these creatures from regenerating.
! Habitat/Society
They live in desert caves near oases and well traveled routes. They will snare the unwary and keep them for later. They are also known for polluting all water in their territories to weaken their prey. They live in small bands with a chieftan. The chieftan has the best weapons and food and might wear armor.\Since they see everything as food, they keep very few other creatures around for any other function. The only creatures they purposefully avoid are desert tolls, desert giants, and twargs. They will not impinge on their territories unless they are extremely hungry, and even then they will not attack them just their stores.
! Ecology
Read A<The Creation of Monsters|href="The_Creation_of_Monsters.pl">.
