! Appearance
Hill twargs survive by hunting and trading with nearby communities. There are a few small communities they will defend from unwanted visitors.
Their skin varies from a light tan to a deep brown. Their hair ranges from brown to black, turning gray with age, which they wear long but out of the way. The males wear short beards, the females do not grow them. Their eyes are either gray, brown, or black. Their clothing is functional with little ornamentation. They rarely use dye.
They make very good leather armor. It is rare to see a twarg wearing metal armor for it takes too much metal to make it, which they use to make their weapons.
Their language is a hybrid of hill giant and hill dwarf. There is a 50% chance one can speak hill giant or hill dwarf, a 10% chance one can speak one of the dialects of the other two twarg races, and a 5% chance the common giant or dwarven tongues or common.
! Combat
Hill twargs prefer to fight from cover. If a few well thrown rocks do not scare off the attackers, they will attack with their long daggers which do 1d6 points of damage.
They never travel alone. If one is encountered, there will be two or more in hiding. If they are forced into melee combat and feel they are outmatched, they will try to parley for a truce. If their opponents keep coming, the twargs will fight. If they are close to their village, one will always run for aid.
If they are encountered in Triador, the only time they will fight to the death is against priests of Miskel.
! Habitat/Society
Hill twargs try to live peaceful lives. They live in small communities, with no more than 200 congregating in one place. When a community becomes to large, a group will break off and settle somewhere else. Once a new community is formed, lines of communication are formed between them and the parent community.
They usually live in old abandoned mines or cave systems. The community will grow outward from there, so it would appear a town has grown out from the caves. They cultivate fields and herds for food. They also hunt when they are founding a new home for themselves. After establishing a new home, the hunting usually drops off in favor of their herds.
Males and females both fight to protect the community. There is no difference in the fighting styles between the two groups.
It takes a long while for them to really trust their neighbors, but they try to live at peace with them.
! Ecology
Read A<The Creation of Monsters|href="The_Creation_of_Monsters.pl">.
