! Appearance
Two-headed trangls are the ugliest of the tralgs. They have greenish-tan skin. On both heads they have blood-shot black eyes and tangled, black hair. Their arms come down to their knees which they let hang limp until they attack. Their legs end in great three-toed feet with two vestigial toes. They walk upright but hunch over when running. They only wear furs, but these they do not treat. Their smell precedes them, so anyone downwind will know something is coming. They carry most of their possessions with them. They only leave the heavier of their possessions in their lair.
Their language is a hybrid of "trollspeak" and ettin. There is a 25% chance one can speak "trollspeak" or ettin, a 5% chance one can speak one of the dialects of the other two tralg races, and a 1% chance one can speak the common tongue of giants or common.
! Combat
These tralgs pummel their prey with rocks then attack with their claws. They can engage multiple opponents when in melee. If they happen to have weapons, they are usually spiked clubs. They do not take the attack penalty for using two weapons since each head controls the corresponding arm. Tralgs regenerate slowly. Starting at five rounds after the first wound, they regenerate 1 point of damage per round. Their limbs die after five rounds unless they are reattached. Limbs can be severed with a slashing weapon on a roll of a natural 20, but only if the natural 20 is 5 above the tralg's armor class. They do not wear armor.
They are surprised only on a 1 on a d10. One head is always alert for attack. Their 45' infravision allows them to attack in the dark. They have no immunities to magic.
! Habitat/Society
They live in forested areas. They are known for stripping whole areas of forests of food. They will eat anything that moves. They live in small bands with a chieftain. The chieftain has the best weapons and food and might wear armor.
Since they see everything as food, they keep very few other creatures around for any other function. The only creatures they purposefully avoid are two-headed tolls, ettin, and twargs. They will not impinge on their territories unless they are extremely hungry, and even then they will not attack them just their stores.
! Ecology
Read A<The Creation of Monsters|href="The_Creation_of_Monsters.pl">.
